want to get out of here more than you
know thought I'd make this night a
little more memorable uh he's reaching
there's only a camera you had that
restaurants swarming with all of your
secret servants you ruin my date and now
I'm gonna die before I ever get to third
base I mean second so third base is what
again dad you can make it up to me when
we're in Prague I'll go to the concert
with Gabrielle stay out as late as I
want promise
never ask a president to promise honey
I'm not I'm asking my dad
what she's on Lu yeah liberties don't
able to secure the perimeter
Anna you traced my call you get yourself
back here right now trace this give me
could you please help me get out of here
yeah why not
three logs getaway back yet neither half
be bad Warner Brothers from Alcon
entertainment present
tell me about van caller youngest agents
in Europe make sure she has no idea who
you are but Sir you have a little thing
for me huh I did not have a thing for
you yeah Mandy Moore and introducing
Matthew Goode you lied to me up until
the last three days I was perfectly
content with my life and then you came
along
romantic comedy about breaking free
surface can why did because the things
are scared over usually the most
worthwhile
chasing Liberty I wanna find
sorry about that we're just um looking
for passion